---
title: Untitled document
layout: post
source-id: 11LAiXRfqBKXzt_E43OJfXmfmVZJuwuAcQgjlajwQX6g
published: true
---
social media Questions 

1. How was it to create your identity map?

I found it hard to create ideas and a good layout because i hadn't done that type of thing before so i based it on something i had done before which is a spider diagram.

2. How did you feel about sharing your map with the rest of class in this way?

i wasn't to sure about my picture because i couldn’t find any good photos however the rest i didn’t mind sharing with the class because i felt like they already knew it.

3. How did it feel to comment on the identity maps?

i felt a bit reassured with some things because i noticed i'd missed out something but when i saw other peoples i noticed some other people had done the same and I so enjoyed looking at other people's identity maps

4. Did you enjoy this process or would you have rather asked questions and commented directly to the student as we sometimes do during class presentations?

i think i prefered this new way because you can give people helpful advice and help them improve.

5. How did it feel to get the comments back and read through them? Were there any surprises?

the one thing i was surprised about was the fact that people said not much writing so when i improved it i added lots more sections.

6. How is this process different from commenting on something online when you can't see the person?

it's not that different however it is monitored and you have a choice of 29 other people that could've said it not billions but it’s similar because people can say bad comments and you could get verbally hurt.

7. Did your identity map help to create a sense of what you would like to post more of or less of in the future?

i don't really think so because earlier on in the term we found out how easy it is to kidnap someone with little information. so i think if you didn’t already know about what to post then yes i think it would give people an idea of what to post.

8. Are there any other changes you want to make in the media you use based on this activity?

that when you report someone the companies do a bit more check the person out and if it's a common troller then take away their account.

9. Did these six lessons change how you view social media? If so, how?

Yes i now realize how careful you have to be on social media.

10. Did the lessons change how you plan on using social media in the future? If so, how?

no because i rarely use social media and i don't think i’ll use much in the future but on the small amount of social media i use yes it has.

